DEV-2459: Review and Improvements (#643)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/software-delivery/ecs-ecspresso/setup.mdx

| ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1. Create a repository from the Example App template | [cloudposse-examples/app-on-ecs](https://github.com/cloudposse-examples/app-on-ecs) |
| 2. Update and reapply `ecr`                          | `atmos terraform apply ecr -s core-use1-artifacts`                                |
| 3. Validate the environment configuration            | Click Ops                                                                         |
| 4. Create a GitHub PAT                               | Click Ops                                                                         |
| 5. Set all Example App repository secrets            | Click Ops                                                                         |
| 6. Deploy the example ECS services                   | `atmos workflow deploy/app-on-ecs -f app-on-ecs`                                  |

<Note title="note">

**All Workflows live in the example app repository**

This is not a D.R.Y. setup. Workflows with `ecspresso` and `workflow` **prefixes** should be moved to a shared workflow

> repository that can be used by the rest of your organization.

Reviewer: I don't like this wording as it sounds more like a recommendation that all workflows should live in the repository

Author: updated to this:

> **All Workflows live in the example app repository**
> 
> The example is not a D.R.Y. setup. Workflows with `ecspresso` and `workflow` **prefixes** should be moved to a shared workflow repository that can be used by the rest of your organization. For the sake of the example we place all workflows inside the example app to make it easier to demonstrate initial setup.

Author: replaced with your next comment

> 
> **All Workflows live in the example app repository**
> 
> This is not a D.R.Y. setup. Workflows with `ecspresso` and `workflow` **prefixes** should be moved to a shared workflow
> repository that can be used by the rest of your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend moving all workflows with `ecspresso` and `workflow` **prefixes** to a shared workflow repository that can be used by the rest of your organization.

We do not recommend keeping all shared workflows in the same repository as in this example, because it defeats the reusability. We've included all workflows in the example app repositories to make it easier to follow along and document.
```

Author: added

We place all workflows inside the example app for a couple of reasons

> 1. This makes the example apps self-contained and can be easily forked and tested
> 2. The getting started process is significantly faster
> 3. Customizations can be done on a single repo before bringing them to your organization's shared workflow repository.

Reviewer: I think we can just get rid of this

```suggestion
```
